Dr Bashar Abdel CER hasn't stopped
working all day he's doing a 24-hour
shift in the accident and emergency
department of alaxa Hospital in Gaza and
surviving on a few plates of rice and
little
else we've been provided with a few
meals but nutritionally they are not
sufficient each meal is shared between
two doctors and consists of rice and a
small amount of vegetables no protein
it's not enough for a doctor working
these hours the head of the mergency
department is worried about his team's
ability to keep going he says dire food
shortages means staff start their shifts
exhausted and
famished we're seeing malnutrition among
health workers in the emergency
department weight loss pale skin they
can't work like this especially with so
many injuries coming in they don't have
the energy to work for more than two
hours at the hospitals makeshift kitchen
they turn the few ingredients available
into meals for staff canned food has
become a staple with little else to eat
during more than 5 months of War but
it's far from being an adequate source
of
food we're suffering from nutritional
deficiencies fruit and vegetables aren't
available so we're not getting any
minerals or vitamins we depend on canned
food but sometimes the price of that
goes sky
high without adequate nutrition there's
a high risk of health workers falling
sick and that's the last thing gaza's
collapsed Health System needs Victoria
gon B
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer